as usual today the New York Times left
out the big one from its exhaustive
multi-year survey of Trump's history of
using 911 for political attacks and I
say as usual because the New York Times
has never mentioned the big glide Donald
Trump told about 9/11 in the South
Carolina Republican presidential primary
debate while attacking Jeb Bush in the
Bush family and every other Republican
on that stage with him that night the
big lie that the New York Times left out
of its story today is one that I have
shown you and talked about on this
program four times in the last three
years since the day Donald Trump said it
in the in February of 2016 in South
Carolina that means that millions and
millions of people have heard me talk
about it they've seen it on this program
but it still hasn't found its way into
the near times official record of
Trump's worst lies about 9/11 and that
means that the lost Trump lie is not
just lost to the New York Times it might
not end up being lost to history because
historians rely on the New York Times so
much the fact that almost the entire
American news media never noticed this
slide during the presidential campaign
is one of the proofs of the American
news media's failure in the coverage of
the last presidential campaign prior to
Donald Trump it is inconceivable that a
politician could tell a lie like this
and not have it end the candidates
campaign it is as vile elias donald
trump has ever told an even Donald Trump
knows how bad a lie this is because he
stopped telling it he told it twice once
at the debate and the next morning on TV
and I called him on it both times as
soon as he said it and he never said it
again because even Donald Trump knows
just how sacrilegious this lie is here's
the way he said it the first time how
did he keep us safe when the world
the world I lost hundreds of friends the
World Trade Center came down during the
rain
that's not safe I lost hundreds of
friends the next morning he didn't lose
hundreds of friends on 9/11 he had time
to read my tweet overnight saying of
course Donald Trump lies about how many
friends he lost on 9/11 hundreds of
friends proving there's nothing he won't
lie about Donald Trump was actively
responding to my tweets in those days
and attacking me and threatening me on
Twitter and threatening to sue me on
Twitter and so it's very likely that he
saw that tweet and so the next morning
hundreds of friends became many friends
how did he keep us safe for the World
Trade Center during his time in office
came down I was there I lost many many
friends in that tragedy many many
friends I immediately tweeted that
Donald Trump was lying again and Donald
Trump never said that again he never
said he lost a friend on 9/11 again not
one now full disclosure I did not fact
check how many friends Donald Trump lost
on 9/11 before tweeting that he was
lying about that
I just knew he was lying because I've
been watching Donald Trump long enough
to know how he operates the guy who
tells you everything about his uncle who
is a professor at MIT is not going to
leave anything out about a friend of his
who he can name who died on 9/11 and I
knew that Donald Trump had never
mentioned losing friends on 9/11 before
you just had to be able to think about
Donald Trump to know that he was lying
about that Michael Daly did the homework
and the fact-checking for an article in
The Daily Beast Michael Daley did not
find any proof that Donald Trump
attended a single 9/11 funeral not one
Donald Trump didn't lose a single friend
on 9/11 Donald Trump didn't go to a
single 9/11 funeral and he told that lie
to gain political advantage on a debate
stage in South Carolina where he was the
only one from New York City and no one
there was smart enough to know he was
lying and because this instantly became
Trump's lost lie he got away with it and
what he got away with was stealing the
grief of the 9/11 families stealing the
grief of the thousands of pee
who lost fathers and brothers and
sisters and grandmothers and dear
friends on 9/11 Donald Trump stole their
grief and wrapped himself in it on a
debate stage he used it as a weapon on a
debate stage to score points against
ignorant Republican presidential
candidates who didn't know he was lying
he stole other people's grief 9/11 grief
and the campaign news media let him get
away with it as they let him get away
with so much and he got away with it
again today when the New York Times once
again failed in its coverage of Donald
Trump by leaving out the sickest most
perverse lie that Donald Trump has ever
told the man who doesn't have hundreds
of friends who might not even have any
real friends at all lied about losing
hundreds of friends on 9/11 and got away
with it
the news media isn't up to this job
keeping up with the lies of Donald Trump
so you're going to have to hold on to
this one yourself if you don't want it
to be
Trump's lost lie when your children and
grandchildren ask you what is the worst
lie that Donald Trump told you can send
them to the New York Times archives but
you might also want to have your
personal list a list that includes the
time the man who apparently has no idea
what human suffering is stole all of the
suffering of 9/11 for himself he became
a thief of grief we owe it to history to
not let that remain thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC